-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Snowflake Exercise
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------                        

For this exercise, we have provided a skeleton for the java project. The exercise
requires the use of a basic graphic display, but it would be ridiculous and 
unnecessary to ask you all to understand how to do that. So instead, we've provided
code that can be used to control basic text-based graphics easily. The project is
called GraphicBase, and when you create your solution, you should copy the existing
project and modify it. I would recommend reading through the code that has been
provided to understand what it is doing. You don't need to know exactly how every
piece does what it does, but you should at least understand what they can do, so
that you can use them effectively when you need to.

For this exercise, you will probably modify the doDuringEachLoop(), 
handleKeyPressInLoop(), and run() methods of the Control class, so those are the
most important parts to understand.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Problem Description
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copy the GraphicsBase project and remove the code that prints the last letter you
typed and the code that prints the increasing number in the corner.

Modify the code so that every 100 ms, a snowflake (a '*' character) appears in a 
random column in the top row. Before the snowflake appears, all existing snowflakes
on the screen should move one row down. Each snowflake that moves should also move
one column to the right or left, determined randomly every time a snowflake moves.

To accomplish this, you should create a Snowflake class. Each Snowflake object
should have two ints representing its current row and column. It should also 
have a move() method that changes its row and column to determine its new location.
That way, you can create an array containing all the Snowflakes that can be 
displayed at once. When a new snowflake appears, you can replace an unused
Snowflake in the array with a new one at the top of the screen. When they all
need to move, you can ask each one to move itself. Then you can clear the screen
and draw all the snowflakes in their new locations.